SQL intro questions:

1. Task: Write a query that shows all the information about all the salespeople in the database. Use a basic SELECT query.
2. Task: Write a query that shows all the information about all salespeople from the 'Northwest' region.
3. Task: Write a query that shows just the emails of the salespeople from the 'Southwest' region.
4. Task: Write a query that shows the given name, surname, and email of all salespeople in the 'Northwest' region.
5. Task: Write a query that shows the common name of melons that cost more than $5.00.
6. Task: Write a query that shows the melon type and common name for all watermelons that cost more than $5.00.
7. Task: Write a query that displays all common names of melons that start with the letter 'C'.
8. Task: Write a query that shows the common name of any melon with 'Golden' anywhere in the common name.
9. Task: Write a query that shows all the distinct regions that a salesperson can belong to.
10. Task: Write a query that shows the emails of all salespeople from both the Northwest and Southwest regions.
11. Task: Write a query that shows the emails of all salespeople from both the Northwest and Southwest regions, this time using an 'IN' clause.
12. Task: Write a query that shows the email, given name, and surname of all salespeople in either the Northwest or Southwest regions whose surnames start with the letter 'M'.
13. Task: Write a query that shows the melon type, common name, price, and the price of the melon given in euros. The 'melons' table has prices in dollars, and the dollar to euro conversion rate is 0.735693.
14. Task: Write a query that shows the total number of customers in our customer table.
15. Task: Write a query that counts the number of orders shipped to California.
16. Task: Write a query that shows the total amount of money spent across all melon orders.
17. Task: Write a query that shows the average order cost.
18. Task: Write a query that shows the order total that was lowest in price.
19. Task: Write a query that fetches the id of the customer whose email is 'phyllis@demizz.edu'.
20. Task: Write a query that shows the id, status and order_total for all orders made by customer 100.
21. Task: Write a single query that shows the id, status, and order total for all orders made by 'phyllis@demizz.edu'. Use a subselect to do this.
22. Task: Write a query that shows the id, status, and order total for all orders made by 'phyllis@demizz.edu'. Use a join to do this.
23. Task: Write a query that shows all the melons, quantity, price, all columns that were attached to order #2725.
24. Task: Write a query that shows the common_name, melon_type, quantity, unit_price and total_price for all the melons in order #2725.
25. Task: Write a query that shows the total amount of revenue that comes from internet orders."
26. Challenge: Produce a list of all salespeople and the total amount of orders they've sold, while calculating a 15% commission on all of their orders. Include their given name, surname, the total of all their sales, and their commission. Only report one row per salesperson. Include salespeople who have not made any sales."

